## Problem Statement
I am a co-founder of a small tech company which wants to develop an online streaming platform naming 'NeXfy' with a desire to compete with Netflix and Spotify. We want to serve the consumer with both movies and music on a same online platform. We also want to place a blog section where user can leave their reviews, stories and start any discussion. As a part of it we want to establish a model which can segregate the posts based on their title text so when someone searches for ‘movies’ or ‘music’, the relevant posts show up for them. Also, the model will help us to understand the users’ usage pattern, demand in future for further business expansion. As a part of this project we want to try different classification models and select the best model that satisfy our target. We have chosen to use classification metric, accuracy score to select the best performing model.

## Executive Summary
As a part of a tech company I have the task to establish a model for our new initiative of creating a online platform where we also want to introduce blog post options. So, our established model would need to be able to segregate the posts based on their title text. Due to the problem nature we have tried several classification models to come up with a model with best accuracy score. It means that we want a model that can predict most observations correctly. For analysis, we used around 4800 submissions. Before modelling we did some cleaning and model preparation. We set subreddit type as target variable. So basically, our model will predict if an observation/subreddit is a movie subreddit or a music subreddit based on the title text. The analysis suggests that LF-IDF + logistic regression is the best model with highest accuracy score of 88.39%. So, we recommend to start our initiative with the model we developed. However, still there is room for improvement with our model and perhaps, we may consider for second layer filtration.

## Model selection
The findings suggest that only four model has above 80% accuracy score - CVEC+Logistic, IF-IDF + Logistic, CVEC + KNN, CVEC+Multinomial, CVEC + Bagging Classification model.The accuracy scores on test sets for CVEC + Multinomial and TF-IDF with a logistic Regression model are very close. However, the difference (0.8839 - 0.8802) suggests that TF-IDF + Logistic regression has slightly better accuracy. Thus, we can conclude that TF-IDF + Logistic regression model has the highest accuracy score on test dataset. in effect, it suggests that __TF-IDF with a logistic Regression model__ performs better than any other model. With an __accuracy of 88.39%__, it also outperforms Baseline model. The accuracy score on train set is slightly higher than accuracy score on test set, however the difference is acceptable to qualify as a good model.


## Conclusion
Based on the analysis results we see that TF-IDF with a logistic Regression model performs better than other model. We have chosen accuracy score to select the best model. TF-IDF with a logistic Regression model has the highest accuracy score, which means that comparatively this model can predict highest percentage of observations correctly. The accuracy score for the selected model is above 88% on test dataset. Therefore, based on the analysis we did, we can expect that TF-IDF with a logistic Regression model can be useful technique to detect which blog post is about movies and which is about music just analysing the title of the post.  

## Recommendation
From the findings of the TF-IDF with a logistic Regression model I have come to these recommendations:
1. We can start our blog posting project on the basis of our analysis findings. Our model delivers expected results with 88% accuracy.
1. For maximizing accuracy score we need to minimize the false negative and false positive scores.
2. Since we didn't have 100% accuracy we may consider second layer of filtration.
